nrf_fuel_gauge: Update nrf_fuel_gauge to version 0.9.1 (#1141)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrfxlib: nrf_fuel_gauge/CHANGELOG.rst

All notable changes to this project are documented on this page.

Main Branch
***********

Changes
=======

* Update to library version 0.9.1.

> * The :c:func:`nrf_fuel_gauge_ttf_get` function needs to know when in constant current charger mode.

Reviewer: Does the function now get the information? Maybe needs rephrasing?

Author: Rephrased to `The :c:func:nrf_fuel_gauge_ttf_get/ function now uses charger state as argument instead of maximum charge current.`

* The :c:func:`nrf_fuel_gauge_param_adjust` function now wraps the parameters in a struct.

Added

> =====
> * Optional parameter struct in :c:struct:`nrf_fuel_gauge_init_parameters`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=====

* Optional parameters struct to the :c:struct:`nrf_fuel_gauge_init_parameters` structure.
```
